---
layout: page
title: Contributing
slug: contributing
lead: "(Almost) everything you need to know about becoming a contributor"
---

h1(#welcome). Your Contributions are Welcome

Looking to be a contributor? Here's how you can help.

h2(#guidelines). Guidelines

Read our contributing guidelines below. They include directions for pull requests, feature requests, issues, and our coding standards.

h2(#pulls). Pull Requests

Below is our workflow for pull requests.

# After you find something you would like to work on, which includes anything loitering in the issue tracker, fork the project and work in a topic branch.
# Make sure any changes you made work with {{ site.projects }}.
# Add any content or documentation that describes the behavior you want to commit.
# "Rebase":https://help.github.com/articles/interactive-rebase your branch against the `master` branch to ensure everything is up to date.
# Commit your changes and send a pull request.

h2(#standards). Coding Standards

We appreciate the use of professional code quality standards. In addition, we recommend keeping your code simple and clean by not polluting your pull request with unintended changes.

In addition, editor preferences are available in the .editorconfig file for use with most text editors. Plugins are available at "http://editorconfig.org":http://editorconfig.org/#download.

h2(#features). Feature Requests

We are not actively accepting community requests. We are, however, accepting any reproducible issues found within the {{ site.projects }} core.

h2(#issues). Issues

Have an issue to report? "Please open a new issue":http://github.com/softlayer/chef-openstack/issues. Before opening an issue, though, read our guidelines below.

h4. 1. Check for fixes

Verify if your "issue has already been resolved":http://github.com/softlayer/chef-openstack/issues?milestone=1&page=1&state=closed before reporting an issue.

h4. 2. Steps to reproduce

Providing a step-by-step repeatable procedure helps us get a fix out promptly.

h4. 3. Provide testing parameters

Include any test parameters, such as your OS edition and version, what components you used, when you deployed it, etc.

h1(#documentation). Documentation

Our "documentation":../ is hosted publicly on GitHub. Here's a list of all content related to this project.

* "Getting Started":../getting-started
* "Technical Documents":../techical-documents
* "Release Notes":../release-notes
* "Project Page":../project-page
* "Install Jekyll on Windows":../install-jekyll-windows


h1(#community). Community

Keep track of development and community news.

* Follow "@SoftLayerDev":http://twitter.com/softlayerdev on Twitter.
* Fork any of our public "GitHub repo’s":http://github.com/softlayer.
* Get the latest new and join conversations on our "Customer Forum":http://forums.softlayer.com.

h1(#copyright). Copyright and License

Copyright (c) 2013 SoftLayer Technologies, Inc., an IBM Company. Our code is licensed under the "MIT license":LICENSE. By contributing your code, you agree to license your contribution under the terms of this license.
