h1. GitHub Page: Chef-OpenStack

Our GitHub Page for Chef-OpenStack is a branded theme made using "Bootstrap CSS":http://getboostrap.com and served up by Jekyll. It is a minimal way to create static landing pages for each repo and publish them on our GitHub Pages.

h2. Before Starting

To harness all the power behind this theme, you need to install Ruby and Jekyll (a Ruby gem). However, you do not have to install either to make your own page. By making just a few changes to the @_config.yml@ file, you can "create a page on-the-fly in minutes":#configuration.

Of course, should you prefer to eat your own dog food, keep reading.

h2. Downloading

Two download options are available.

* "Download the latest release":https://github.com/softlayer/chef-openstack/archive/master.zip
* Clone the repo: @git clone https://github.com/softlayer/chef-openstack.git gh-pages@

Search our "Getting Started":../getting-started page for information on installing, configuring, and more.

h2. Documents

Below is a list of other documents related to this project.

* "Getting Started":../getting-started
* "Technical Documents":../documents
* To learn more about Jekyll, check out their "documentation":http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home on their website.

h2(#configuration). Configuration

The @_config.yml@ file contains everything necessary to make a page on-the-fly in minutes. Open it using any editor and edit the specified fields before pushing it up to the @gh-pages@ branch.

* @project@: The _public_ name for the project
* @lead@: High-level description for the product
* @repo@: GitHub repository
* @star@: Lets users "star" us on GitHub without leaving the page
* @fork@: Lets users "fork" us on GitHub without leaving the page

h3. GitHub URL

You can easily modify the GitHub user, path, and type by modifying three references:

* @user=@: GitHub username, i.e. "softlayer"
* @repo=@: GitHub repo name
* @type=@: defines which procedure to support, i.e. "fork" or "watch"

h1. Community

Keep track of development and community news.

* Follow "@SoftLayerDev on Twitter":http://twitter.com/softlayerdev.
* Fork any of our public "GitHub repo’s":http://github.com/softlayer.
* Get the latest new and join conversations on our "Customer Forum":http://forums.softlayer.com.

h1. Finding Support

* For more information on Jekyll, visit "Jekyll's Wiki":https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll/wiki.
* For more information on GitHub Pages, visit "GitHub Pages":http://pages.github.com.

h1. Copyright and License

Copyright (c) 2013 SoftLayer Technologies, Inc., an IBM Company. We license our code under the "MIT license":https://github.com/softlayer/chef-openstack/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE. By contributing your code, you agree to license your contribution under the terms of this license.